
Hello!

I've made this sub-mod for invictus in the hopes of facilitating adding more accurate names to the Venetic culture
and an easier addition of the venetic religion to the game. I'll first list of the files/additions here before I 
explain what I've done and why.
Things added in this sub-mod:
- changed the 00_latin file in cultures to add in Venetic names* (and changed the veneti units from italic to 
  italo-gallic).*
- added the venetic and Thyrrenic religions.*
- added a deities file for the venetic religion, and split off Thyrrenic deities from hellenism.*
- added a venetic heritage (I haven't tested to see if it's balanced).
- changed the invictus cisalpine_gaul, central_italia and rhaetia region files to add in venetic and thyrrenic religion pops.
- changed the 00_default main file to change the veneti, etruria and raeti nations to the new religions.
- added the respective localizations for everything new added.*

Explanations:
1* I've made a mod adding venetic names to Ck3 as well, however the namelist there is ever so slightly different.
   The reason for this is I took away the final 's' from many names in Ck3, as they block the ability to add the
   accurate venetic patrymonic (and matrymonic) suffixes to names (e.g. Iuvantos -X-> Iuvantios,
   but Iuvanto --> Iuvantio), however, many venetic names are attested as ending in vowels -o and -a instead of -os or -as.
2* I changed the graphical units of the veneti to reflect the celtic infuence the received after the celtic invasions
   of the Po Vally.
3* In adding the venetic religion, I decided to also split off the religion of the etruscans and Rhaeti from hellenism, as it seemed very wrong to 
   have the Rhaeti lumped in with hellenism, when (although this wasn't the case for the etruscans) they wouldn't have had any influence from the 
   greeks or romans yet, being even more isolated from hellenism than the Veneti.
4* The Thyrrenic deities have been assigned to the new religion, and a Rhaetic version of Reitia has been added as an exclusive
   Rhaetian deity.
5* The description of a couple of Venetic gods are placeholders for now, as (apart from their names) there is little evidence 
   for what they were gods of, so I guessed a little bit (Einaios, Boulenos and Vetusa).

All of the sources that I've used in my research for this mod are compiled in the file titled "sources".

Thank you!